readme.md, before:

# Mango Language
Welcome to the Mango programming language! Mango is a custom language developed by Nektarios Lavdas with a focus on simplicity, readability, and performance. This README provides an overview of Mango, its features, and how to get started.

## Table of Contents
- [Features](https://github.com/Nektarios1667/Mango?tab=readme-ov-file#features)
- [Installation](https://github.com/Nektarios1667/Mango?tab=readme-ov-file#installation)
- [Getting Started](https://github.com/Nektarios1667/Mango?tab=readme-ov-file#getting-started)
- [Syntax and Examples](https://github.com/Nektarios1667/Mango?tab=readme-ov-file#syntax-and-examples)
- [Community and Support](https://github.com/Nektarios1667/Mango?tab=readme-ov-file#community-and-support)
- [License](https://github.com/Nektarios1667/Mango?tab=readme-ov-file#license)

## Features

Mango offers several features that make it a unique and powerful language:

- Simplicity: The language is designed to be easy to learn and use, with intuitive syntax and clear structure.
- Performance: Mango focuses on efficient code execution for faster performance.
- Readability: Mango code is designed to be human-readable and easy to understand.
- Active Development: Mango is actively maintained and updated with new features and improvements.

## Installation
To install Mango, follow these steps:

1. Download the latest version of Mango from the official GitHub.
2. Follow the installation instructions for your operating system.
3. Once installed, you can access the Mango compiler and interpreter via the command line.

## Getting Started
To start coding in Mango:

- Create a new .mng file using a text editor.
- Open up the file by using Open With and selecting the Mango.exe file.
- Use the Mango editor to edit and run your code.


## Syntax and Examples
Mango features a clean and readable syntax. Here are some examples to get you started:

`Hello, world!`

>output('Hello, world!');

`Iterations`

>names = ['bill', 'bob', 'ben'];\
>iterate name in names:\
>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; output(name);

`Functions`

>func add(num1, num2);\
>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; return num1 + num2;
>
> output(add(2, 2));


For more examples and detailed syntax information, refer to the official [Mango GitHub](https://github.com/Nektarios1667/Mango).

## Community and Support
Join the GitHub to report issues, contribute to the language, and access the source code on [GitHub](https://github.com/Nektarios1667/Mango).

## License
Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike (`CC BY-NC-SA`) license. Distributing and changing this code is allowed if you give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may not use the material for commercial purposes. If you remix, transform, or build upon this code, you must distribute your contributions under the same license as the original. You may not apply legal terms or technological measures that legally restrict others from doing anything the license permits.

Commit message:

Updated installation steps in readme

readme.md, after:

# Mango Language
Welcome to the Mango programming language! Mango is a custom language developed by Nektarios Lavdas with a focus on simplicity, readability, and performance. This README provides an overview of Mango, its features, and how to get started.

## Table of Contents
- [Features](https://github.com/Nektarios1667/Mango?tab=readme-ov-file#features)
- [Installation](https://github.com/Nektarios1667/Mango?tab=readme-ov-file#installation)
- [Getting Started](https://github.com/Nektarios1667/Mango?tab=readme-ov-file#getting-started)
- [Syntax and Examples](https://github.com/Nektarios1667/Mango?tab=readme-ov-file#syntax-and-examples)
- [Community and Support](https://github.com/Nektarios1667/Mango?tab=readme-ov-file#community-and-support)
- [License](https://github.com/Nektarios1667/Mango?tab=readme-ov-file#license)

## Features

Mango offers several features that make it a unique and powerful language:

- Simplicity: The language is designed to be easy to learn and use, with intuitive syntax and clear structure.
- Performance: Mango focuses on efficient code execution for faster performance.
- Readability: Mango code is designed to be human-readable and easy to understand.
- Active Development: Mango is actively maintained and updated with new features and improvements.

## Installation
To install Mango, follow these steps:

1. Download the latest version of Mango from the official GitHub.
2. Use the command prompt to naviagte to the Mango folder
3. Run `pip install pyinstaller` to install the PyInstaller library.
4. Run `pyinstaller --onefile --noconsole --icon=path\to\logo Editor.py` to create the executable.
5. Open a .mng file using With Open and selecting Mango.exe and seclect always use.

## Getting Started
To start coding in Mango:

- Create a new .mng file using a text editor.
- Open up the file by using Open With and selecting the Mango.exe file.
- Use the Mango editor to edit and run your code.


## Syntax and Examples
Mango features a clean and readable syntax. Here are some examples to get you started:

`Hello, world!`

>output('Hello, world!');

`Iterations`

>names = ['bill', 'bob', 'ben'];\
>iterate name in names:\
>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; output(name);

`Functions`

>func add(num1, num2);\
>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; return num1 + num2;
>
> output(add(2, 2));


For more examples and detailed syntax information, refer to the official [Mango GitHub](https://github.com/Nektarios1667/Mango).

## Community and Support
Join the GitHub to report issues, contribute to the language, and access the source code on [GitHub](https://github.com/Nektarios1667/Mango).

## License
Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike (`CC BY-NC-SA`) license. Distributing and changing this code is allowed if you give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may not use the material for commercial purposes. If you remix, transform, or build upon this code, you must distribute your contributions under the same license as the original. You may not apply legal terms or technological measures that legally restrict others from doing anything the license permits.
